tElements of Operation
rRemove the grinding discs as per the grinding wheel mounting/unmounting SWI
rMove the x and y axis to a position where the dresser wheel arm can move freely between the two wheels.
rPick one wheel that will be adjusted in reference to the dresser wheel arm. Move the dresser wheel to it highest point.
hMount an indicator on the flat landing just above the dresser wheel and touch off on top of the selected wheel, zero the dial at this position.
hMove the dresser arm wheel down so that the indicator drags across the wheel face
wUnscrew the two bolts on the back end of the grinder machine for the wheel face being touched off on. Hand tighten the bolts.
hAdjust the two set screws in order to adjust the wheel across the horizontal axis.
hTightening the set screw will cause the tail end to pull towards you, but you must loosen the opposing set screw an equal amount.
hAdjusting the nut underneath the hand tightened bolts adjusts the wheels in the vertical axis.
hTightening the nut will cause the tail end to list up, you can adjust each side seperately if a minor tilt is required.
hAdjust the set screw and nut in order to get the indicator to stay as close to zero as possible when the indicator is dragged from the top of the wheel face to the bottom. NOTE: After every adjustment of the set screw and nut be sure to rezero the indicator from the top position and recheck the face.
hOnce the selected wheel has been zeroed in tighten the mount bolts, remove the inidicator and lower the dresser wheel arm so that it is back in its home position.
rLoosen the mount bolts for the other wheel
rInstall the sync bar NOTE: Make sure the base end is installed into the already adjusted wheel.
rMount the indicator on the adjusted wheel, touch the indicator to the top of the wheel and zero the dial.
rRotate the wheels 90 degrees forward and 90 degrees backward in order to find out how much tilt you have in the horizontal direction
rAdjust the unadjusted wheel side using the horizontal adjustment set screws as per step 16-17
rAfter each horizontal adjustment, rezero the dial at the top of the wheel and check the new tilt as per step 25
hOnce the horizontal adjustment has been zeroed in, we must now adjust the vertical. Rotate the wheels 90 degrees backwards so that the indicator is now touching the middle edge of the wheel, zero the dial here.
hLike step 25 rotate the wheels 90 degrees forward and 90 degrees backward to find out how much vertical tilt you have in the vertical direction
hAdjust the unadjusted wheel side using the horizontal adjustment set screws as per step 18-19.
hAfter each horizontal adjustment, rezero the dial at the middle edge of the wheel and check the new tilt as per step 28-29
hOnce the vertical adjustment has been zeroed in, repeat step 28-29, you should find that the vertical tilt should be close to 0 with the horizontal tilt.
hOnce it is confirmed that the wheel is parallel, tighten the mounting bolts.
hMount the grinding discs back on as per the grinding wheel mounting/unmounting SWI
hClose up and power on the machine in order to run the dressing cycle 5 times. NOTE: CONFIRM THAT THE DRESSER IS MAKING CONTACT WITH THE WHEELS OTHERWISE OFFSET ADJUSTMENTS MAYBE NECESSARY.
hRun one part and confirm width using online gauge. Part should be well within tolerance, roughly +/-0.015mm, make offset adjustments as necessary if all measurents are equally lopsided.
hIf part has tilt, repeat step 26. Otherwise machine has been successfully aligned.