tElements of Operation
hRemove part from the passing exit conveyor of the autocell and place into the part holder.
hRemove the bolts using impact gun,  blow bolts with air gun. Inspect for thread delamination and place bolts into the bolt holder.
hPress the cap lever to separate the cap, brush the crack face of the cap and use the air gun to blow off loose chips. Use Exacto-knife to remove stuck chips. Place cap into holder. Repeat cleaning for the rod crack face.
hUse push pin to push any chips out of the oil hole. Take care not to damage the pin bore while exacuating chips. NOTE:FOR BIG BORE PART TYPE ONLY
hAssemble the cap onto the rod with the numbers lined up. Use plug gauge to inspect for minor thread diameter. Place paint dot on side of rod  if part passes to signify the part has been checked. NOTE: Use PG0653 for Coplaner/Step, Use PG0659 BB/B786
hInspect bolt holes for debris using pen light. Use air gun and magnet to remove debris.
wUsing metal paint marker place paint dot onto bolts heads after completing previous tasks to signify that un-bolting inspection is complete. Place yellow paint dot on side of rod. NOTE:You will have to push the bolt up from underneath in order to mark it, marker color is gold for bolts only
wInsert bolts and run down 3 turns using your fingers. Torque the bolts with the yellow handled torque gun to 10Nm. NOTE: Ensure to cycle the torque wrench ONE TIME ONLY.
wScan the part and follow EODS instruction, complete checks and enter into EODS.
hConfirm part number matches EODS part number and place final inspection dot onto finished part.
hPlace finished part on to skid ready for final inspection and packaging.
wAt the end of shift make sure there are no parts left on the table.
tDisassembly/Final Inspection Quality Checks
wInspect for any breakout or Chipped material
wInspect fractured faces for chips or debris and rust in between fracture face and in bolt holes.
wInspect for extra material or debris stuck in fracture line, and breakout in retention hole or lock notches.
wInspect for any chips or debris in oil hole. NOTE:Big Bore and B786 parts only.
wInspect for handling damage on pin chamfer or pin ends as shown
wInspect for any non clean up on step mill face. NOTE: Stepped Conrods only.
wInspect for hair line burrs on intersection of crank face and chamfer
wInspect for gap between bushing and pinbore
wInspect forgings for defects and or missing forging number
wInspect for damage on crank face
wInspect for burrs on spot faces and oil hole. NOTE: Oil hole only for Big Bore and B786 conrods.
wInspect for non clean up in pinbore and Crank bore as shown below.
wInspect for tool mark in pin & crank bore as shown below
hInspect for bushing defects
hInspect chamfers on oil hole for chatter and or tool marks. NOTE: Big Bore and B786 conrods only.
wInspect for Damaged bolt head or thread and thread delamination. NOTE: At disassembly only
